README.md, before:

[Vesta Control Panel](http://vestacp.com/)
==================================================

[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/vesta-cp/Lobby](https://badges.gitter.im/vesta-cp/Lobby.svg)](https://gitter.im/vesta-cp/Lobby?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)

* Vesta is an open source hosting control panel.
* Vesta has a clean and focused interface without the clutter.
* Vesta has the latest of very innovative technologies.

How to install (2 step)
----------------------------
Connect to your server as root via SSH
```bash
ssh root@your.server
```

Download the installation script, and run it:
```bash
curl http://vestacp.com/pub/vst-install.sh | bash
```

How to install (3 step)
----------------------------
If the above example does not work, try this 3 step method:
Connect to your server as root via SSH
```bash
ssh root@your.server
```

Download the installation script:
```bash
curl -O http://vestacp.com/pub/vst-install.sh
```
Then run it:
```bash
bash vst-install.sh
```

License
----------------------------
Vesta is licensed under  [GPL v3 ](https://github.com/serghey-rodin/vesta/blob/master/LICENSE) license

Commit message:

Add customize install command at vestacp.com

README.md, after:

[Vesta Control Panel](http://vestacp.com/)
==================================================

[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/vesta-cp/Lobby](https://badges.gitter.im/vesta-cp/Lobby.svg)](https://gitter.im/vesta-cp/Lobby?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)

* Vesta is an open source hosting control panel.
* Vesta has a clean and focused interface without the clutter.
* Vesta has the latest of very innovative technologies.

How to install (2 step)
----------------------------
Connect to your server as root via SSH
```bash
ssh root@your.server
```

Download the installation script, and run it:
```bash
curl http://vestacp.com/pub/vst-install.sh | bash
```

How to install (3 step)
----------------------------
If the above example does not work, try this 3 step method:
Connect to your server as root via SSH
```bash
ssh root@your.server
```

Download the installation script:
```bash
curl -O http://vestacp.com/pub/vst-install.sh
```
Then run it:
```bash
bash vst-install.sh
```

How to install (with advanced settings)
----------------------------
Go to [VestaCP Install page](http://vestacp.com/install/), scroll to **ADVANCED INSTALL SETTINGS** section and generate your own install command.

License
----------------------------
Vesta is licensed under  [GPL v3 ](https://github.com/serghey-rodin/vesta/blob/master/LICENSE) license
